I'll come back to football Europa
Barcelona's elimination from this year's
European Cup was the headline story of
the week there's no place to hide for
Johan Cruyff or this team
tales of dissension and disruption but
behind the scenes between president
Nunez and Johan Cruyff banners in the
crowd which accused both of them of
shattering illusions all because of a
shock defeat here by CSKA Moscow they
must get it right here against that
lyrical Bilbao we were building a good
reputation other coach your hind kids so
far basilar nerves started positively
but athletic oh I've got a few ideas
this is Ferrer looking for quicker chair
playing on the right-hand side this
usually use EPO for labra
gets a rebound and worked hard in
defense but that's a mistake at the back
Scottish Cup tries to chip it in or was
he trying to find louder but the
achieved neither with that talented left
foot of his it's still not going quite
right for him this young goalkeepers
doing a good job but there really should
have been exposed here too strong for
the far post too strong for they'll drop
one Carlos for pass alone
good crowd here but they want a
performance they're warming to the way
Barcelona are playing as Kuhlman tries
to knock it for but identical with the
carrot Anna estera buries some people
working very hard in midfield and that's
a mistake and loud that's away
he's got the pace he's got the skill
he's turned them well the targets there
and he hits the post great play by
Laudrup and luckily pill pout off the
hook a shot which I think took a little
bit of a deflection Storch got white on
the left and back arrow knocks it in
they can't quite get it right but really
Athletic Bilbao rocking on the edge a
little bit of a deflection goalkeeper I
suppose will claiming Eddie covered
still they can't make that vital
breakthrough come on or more and moving
it quickly a lot of interchanging start
off is being closely about particularly
by gal Damas but he still looks pretty
useful nice clever quick play low drop
and I'm more
but Karos in the middle they're playing
it well but can they get across into the
front men Laudrup coming away from his
man still keeping possession brilliantly
Atletico working very hard in midfield
quicker chair
he's got past this man crosses for back
arrow great goal 30 minutes gone the
relief all around this stadium as
Barcelona get a vital goal lovely cross
from Goya chair a powerful header by the
diminutive back arrow and Barcelona are
one up
and the young goalkeeper beaten at last
relief certainly for Cruyff he said to
before the game that one miserable
defeat is not going to change anything
in his policy and I think we've seen by
the way they played that speech over
there away now again the
Valencia has done well to stop them
they're gonna stain now good cross stoy
stop
now drop
laughs lips as it tries to retrieve it
it's certainly not going for the Dame
here
but the atmosphere very different now
from the beginning of this match
loud rap and company putting on a fine
show but it's still only one nil and
there's Valverde out here trying to
cross to one Carlos and he's put it in
his own goal
won't kill us I think it two minds about
whether he's going to pass it back or
boot it did neither and put it in the
back of his own net so more trying to
close it down but they get positioned
very quickly and work it very well
indeed this is fair air on a strong run
from the back for driving forward back
arrow for air comes out to start off on
the right foot and driven in superbly
Hristo Stoichkov once alone that in the
lead again poor clearance but a
brilliant strike by the Hungarian by the
Bulgarian rather that was a superb goal
a little bit of a gap left by the young
goalkeeper and he exploited it terrific
so in the end a special performance from
Barcelona the crowd right behind them
that'll ease the pain of the last week's
very bad news